Add documentation for CI Jobs Failure Analysis in CI Visibility (#28044)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/search/_index.md

- [GitLab][4]
- [Jenkins][5]

### CI Jobs Failure Analysis based on relevant logs.

> CI Visibility leverages a LLM model to generate enhanced error messages and categorize them with a domain and subdomain, based on the relevant logs collected from every failed CI job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI Visibility uses an LLM model to generate enhanced error messages and categorize them with a domain and subdomain, based on the relevant logs collected from every failed CI job.
```
